= Geographic COmmon (GCO)
:edition: 1.0
:revdate: 2019-01-04

== Geographic COmmon (GCO) Version: 1.0

image::gco.png[]

=== Description

GCO 1.0 is an XML Schema implementation derived from ISO 19115-1, ISO/TS 19139
Geographic information - Metadata - XML schema implementation, Clause . It includes
elements for describing basic types from ISO/TS 19103 and conceptual elements from
ISO 19118 required in XML implementations of ISO metadata standards. The XML schema
was encoded using the rules described in ISO/TS 19139:2007, Clause 8 and
implementation approach from ISO/TS19115-3, Clause 8.

=== XML Namespace for gco 1.0

The namespace URI for gco 1.0 is `http://standards.iso.org/iso/19115/-3/gco/1.0`.

=== XML Schema for gco 1.0

link:gco.xsd[gco.xsd] is the XML Schema document to be referenced by XML documents
containing XML elements in the gco 1.0 namespace or by XML Schema documents importing
the gco 1.0 namespace. This XML schema includes (indirectly) all the implemented
concepts of the gco namespace, but it does not contain the declaration of any types.

NOTE: The XML Schema for gco 1.0 are available link:gco.zip[here]. A zip archive
including all the XML Schema Implementations defined in ISO/TS 19115-3 and related
standards is also
https://schemas.isotc211.org/19115/19115AllNamespaces.zip[available].

=== Related XML Schema for gco 1.0

link:baseTypes.xsd[baseTypes.xsd] implements the UML conceptual schema defined in
ISO 19115-1, ISO/TS 19139 Geographic information - Metadata - XML schema
implementation, Clause . It was created using the encoding rules defined in ISO
19118, ISO 19139, and the implementation approach described in ISO 19115-3 and
contains the following classes (codeLists are bold): AbstractObject, TypeName,
MemberName, Multiplicity, MultiplicityRange, CharacterString, Boolean, DateTime,
Date, Decimal, Real, Integer, UnlimitedInteger, Record, RecordType, Binary,
UomIdentifier, Measure, Length, Distance, Angle, AbstractGenericName, ScopedName, and
TM_PeriodDuration

=== Related XML Namespaces for gco 1.0

The gco 1.0 namespace imports these other namespaces:

[%unnumbered]
[options=header,cols=4]
|===
| Name | Standard Prefix | Namespace Location | Schema Location

| XML Linking Language (XLink) Version 1.0. W3C Recommendation | xlink |
http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink[http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink] |
http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink.xsd
|===

=== Working Versions

When revisions to these schema become necessary, they will be managed in the
https://github.com/ISO-TC211/XML[ISO TC211 Git Repository].
